Trainn Customer Referral Terms and Conditions
Last updated: June 2, 2025
Referral Process:
Existing, Trainn customers can refer eligible friends and contacts (each, a “Friend”) to pay for offerings or classes or to subscribe to eligible Trainn subscriptions (an eligible subscription includes any plan available for purchase on Trainn’s platform) (a “Trainn Subscription”) by logging into their account on trainn.pro or in-app and undertaking one of three steps: (1) Referrer completes an online form entering the names and e-mail addresses of those Friends they want to refer and an email is sent to the Friend(s) containing the Referrer’s unique referral link (a “Referral Link”); (2) Referrer copies their Referral Link, or generates a message containing their Referral Link, and sends it to their Friend(s) by SMS text, WhatsApp, email, social media or any other method; or (3) Referrer invites a Friend to a specific class using the “Invite” function in the Trainn application (an “Invitation”). “Referrer” means an existing Trainn subscriber who refers a Friend to Trainn via the process above.
For each Friend who signs up for Trainn through a Referrer’s valid Referral Link and subsequently becomes a paying Trainn customer or subscriber, the Referrer will either receive a one-time monetary discount to Referrer’s subscription fee (“Subscription Discount”) or a Trainn credit (“Trainn Credit”) in Referrer’s account. If the Referrer receives a discount to their subscription fee, this will appear in the Referrer’s next subscription month beginning after the Friend’s 7th day of a paid subscription. “Reward” means a Subscription Discount or Trainn Credit.
Referrers:
To qualify, Referrers must be current Trainn customers or subscribers in good standing. Referrals may only be made through the Referrers unique Referral Link.
Friends:
Rewards will only be awarded for referrals of Friends that are new to Trainn (in other words, Friends cannot already have an active or inactive Trainn account), are at least 18 years old, otherwise qualify to be a Trainn subscriber, purchase a Trainn Subscription directly through the Referral Link by any applicable offer end date, become a paid subscriber at the end of any free trial period, and have provided you with clear and affirmative consent to receive marketing materials and other messages containing the Referral Link from you by SMS text, WhatsApp, email, social media, and all other methods, and is not a resident of the state of Washington. Friends who meet the above conditions and sign up using the Referrer’s Referral Link or via Referrer’s Invitation will be eligible to enroll in a free Trainn trial, which may include a Reward or other credits at Trainn’s discretion (together, the “Friend Reward”), subject to any applicable terms.
Conditions:
In addition to the other terms and conditions provided herein, purchasers of Trainn products or services other than a Trainn Subscription or Trainn class offering are not eligible to receive a Reward. Trainn will only honor the first Referral Link through which a Friend purchases a Trainn Subscription and which is accepted and processed by Trainn. In other words, if multiple Referrers have referred the same Friend and the Friend has activated multiple referral links or invitations, only one Referrer will be entitled to receive a Credit, and the Friend will only receive one Friend Reward. Referrer will only be eligible to receive a Reward if a Friend purchases the Trainn Subscription through Referrer’s Referral Link or Invitation. All other referrals will automatically be invalidated. Referrers may not offer gifts, coupons, refunds, credits or discounts to Friends as an incentive to make a referral, other than pursuant to this Agreement. Referrers may not commercialize the referral process or the Referral Link, or use any Trainn logos, trademarks, or other Trainn intellectual property to commercialize or market referrals or the Referral Link, including for SEO or public advertising purposes.
It is a condition of this promotion that you have obtained the clear and affirmative consent of your Friend(s) to receive marketing materials and other messages containing the Referral Link from you by SMS text, WhatsApp, email, social media, and all other methods.
Washington state residents are excluded from the Refer-a-Friend Program. No Subscription Discount or Trainn Credit shall be awarded with respect to Friends resident in Washington state. You shall be disqualified from participation in the Refer-a-Friend Program if you undertake any of the steps set out at “Referral Process” above with respect to a resident of Washington state.
Subscription Discount:
Subscription Discounts can only be applied toward Referrer’s monthly membership subscription amount and mid-cycle purchases of Trainn credits (unless in its discretion, Trainn applies it to additional purchases you make in the future) in countries where Trainn subscriptions are offered. For the avoidance of doubt, Subscription Discounts cannot be used toward late cancellation/missed class fees. For Gift Card Terms and Conditions, see here.
Trainn Credits are pooled with the other Trainn credits purchased by you in your account and are collectively subject to Trainn’s standard credit rollover policy.
Eligible individuals will receive the Subscription Discount amount advertised on trainn.pro or the Trainn app; Trainn Credit amounts may vary by city/metro area and are subject to change at any time without notice.
Rewards may not be (i) combined with other offers, discounts, referrals, or gift cards; (ii) sold or transferred; or (iii) redeemed for cash. This applies even if your membership is canceled before your next subscription month and therefore before any Reward has been applied. The maximum Subscription Discount that can be applied in each month is equal to the amount you would have paid for your subscription month if the Subscription Discount were not applied. For example, if the Referrer would have paid $100 without the Cash Credit, then the maximum Cash Credit that can be applied in such month is $100. In such a case, any amounts earned above $100 will be applied to the subsequent subscription month fees and will be forfeited in the event the Referrer cancels their subscription before such subsequent month.
Refer-A-Friend Program Promotions:
From time to time, Trainn may offer special promotions within its Refer-A-Friend Program (“Promotions”) through which Referrers or Friends may receive a more generous Reward amount by complying with the terms and conditions of such Promotions. Each Promotion will last for a limited time, and each Referrer/Friend may only receive the more generous Credit amount or reward once during any such promotional period. All restrictions stated herein would apply in such cases. Trainn reserves the right to modify, change, add or remove portions of the terms and conditions of any Promotion at any time without prior notice by posting such amended terms and conditions.
For specific Promotions, Friends must sign up during the offer period and become a Trainn subscriber for at least 10 days afterward. Your total Reward will be sent to your email or applied to your account by the end of the 6th week after the Promotion end date provided that, by such end date, the Friend has been a Trainn subscriber for at least 10 days.
General:
The Trainn Terms of Service and Privacy Policy apply to the Refer-a-Friend Program, referrals, and Rewards and any disputes arising therefrom will be resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. Referrers and Friends must comply with Trainn Terms of Use, the terms and conditions of any social media site where a Referral Link or Invitation is posted/used, and all applicable laws and regulations. Referral Links and Invitations are for individual, personal use only and may not be used for commercial purposes, which for the avoidance of doubt includes but is not limited to affiliate lead generation and bidding on Trainn search terms in connection with the Referral Link or Invitation. Trainn reserves the right to cancel the Refer-a-Friend Program or to change these terms and conditions at any time in its sole discretion. Any unused Referral Links or Invitations will be forfeited at that time. By participating in the Refer-a-Friend Program you are agreeing to these terms and conditions, the Trainn Terms of Service and the Trainn Privacy Policy. Trainn reserves the right to revoke any Reward and otherwise disqualify any Referrer or Friend in the event of any suspected fraud or violation of the terms and conditions. By taking any of the steps set out at “Referral Process” above, or otherwise participating in the Refer-a-Friend Program, you confirm that you have obtained the clear and affirmative consent of your Friend(s) to receive marketing materials and other messages containing the Trainn Referral Link from you by SMS text, WhatsApp, email, social media, and all other methods.