Now, let's move on to Step 2. Step 2 only describes what happens after the provider clicks on the Create Package button. For the next step, we need to add functionality to the “Create Package” button in the Provider View. Once a provider clicks on the Create Package button, they should be redirected to a page similar to the one they see when a provider clicks Create Class, with the following adjustments in the Create Package form.
Adjustment: Class Title should be replaced with Package Title
Addition: We need to create a mandatory Package Type field with 2 available options: a set pack vs time bound
A SET PACK
If the provider chooses a set pack, there should appear 3 new fields named Class Count. Every Class Count field should feature a drop-down menu offering 3 options: 5-class pack, 10-class pack & 20-class pack. The first Class Count field should be mandatory to fill in and should come with an asterisk. The other two Class Count fields should be optional and should therefore include no asterisk. 
If the provider chooses a set pack, we need to triple the existing Price field and place the 3 Price fields right next to the Class Count fields. The first Price field should be mandatory to fill in and should come with an asterisk. The other two Price fields should be optional and should therefore include no asterisk. All the price fields will be filled out by the provider based on the price they want to offer for every pack.
TIME BOUND
We won’t add any functionality to the Time Bound option yet but it should be reflected within the Create Package form. We will get back to this feature later.
Addition: We need to create a mandatory Select Eligible Classes field for the provider to indicate which of the listed classes can be attended as a part of the package. For example, some providers list weekday and weekend classes, but they only want to promote their weekday schedule. In this case, they will only want to choose Mon-Fri classes, without adding Sat & Sun classes to the list. There should also be a “Select All” option in case the provider wants their package to be applied to all listed classes. 
This change comes with a restricting rule. If the provider chooses “a set pack” as a Package Type, the system needs to verify that the amount of eligible classes listed by this provider on Trainn is twice that of the largest set pack they are offering. As such, if the provider chooses a 5-class pack, they should have at least 10 eligible classes listed on the platform. Following the same logic, in order for the provider to list a 10-class pack, they need to have at least 20 eligible classes already posted on the Trainn platform. If the amount of listed classes is less than that, the provider should receive an error when confirming Package Creation. The error should explicitly state that the reason the provider cannot create a package at that time is because they need to ensure the amount of the eligible classes listed on Trainn exceeds the amount of classes indicated in the largest set pack by the factor of two. This way, we are excluding the possibility of creating a package for non-listed classes.
Please use the screenshot as a suggested reference to the backend table created for package tracking. 
 
Adjustment: We need to make the Location button optional to fill in, in case the provider keeps changing their class location, or if the package includes classes happening across various locations. 

All other fields should remain the same to the fields in the Create Class form. Feel free to ask any clarifying questions for this step.

IMPORTANT: This functionality should only be added to the Provider View (when a user logged in as a provider). DO NOT make any changes to the Customer View.
