f) Offering Availability and Allocation. The exact number and type of Offerings you can attend during any Subscription Cycle will depend on the number of credits needed to book the particular Offerings you select. The number of credits needed to book a particular Offering will vary and is determined based on a variety of factors, including but not limited to Venue requirements, time of day, equipment, facilities, the number of times you’ve visited a Venue in the cycle, location, pricing, popularity and other characteristics. For example, an Offering offered at a peak time is likely to require more credits to book than the same Offering offered in the middle of the afternoon. Or, an Offering that uses equipment is likely to require more credits to book than an Offering without the use of any equipment. Furthermore, a Venue may require more credits for a certain Offering under certain circumstances, such as when the Venue makes only a small number of spots available to Trainn or after multiple visits in a cycle. Note that credits needed to book Offerings also vary from city to city. Accordingly, if Trainn permits you to reserve Offerings in a city that differs from your home location, your credits may enable you to reserve more or fewer Offerings when you are traveling from your home location. As such, the number of credits you need to reserve a particular Offering or service may change at any time or vary day to day depending on the factors described here. Trainn also reserves the right to change the number of credits you receive, including per cycle, plan, geography or otherwise; the number of reservations you can make; and/or the number of Offerings you can miss or cancel.
Trainn does not guarantee the availability of particular Venues, locations, Offerings, services, experiences, content, inventory, spots or other features, and availability may change over time and at any time (including during the course of any given Subscription Cycle), nor does Trainn make guarantees regarding reservations or reservation processing time. Inventory may be more limited in certain locations and during Trials or promotions. The type, quantity, credits, allocation and availability of Venues, Offerings, and other inventory offered, are determined by Trainn in its sole discretion. Trainn takes certain steps to release, promote and otherwise make available spots and inventory at varying times and in an ongoing and evolving way. User experience, such as content, inventory, credits, and reservations, may differ from user to user and by user at any time based on a variety of factors such as individual usage of the platform and participation in Offerings. For example, certain reservation patterns such as frequent cancels might result in additional processing time of certain future reservations or restricted inventory access.
