Community guidelines
Trainn’s mission is to help people enrich their lives by building new skills and having more fun through local classes and community. The Trainn community is local in all the cities in which we operate. This local community makes Trainn special. As Trainn members ask questions, leave reviews, express their point of view or simply interact with one another on our various channels, we encourage our community to be open, honest, and authentic. To foster a fun, encouraging, and inspiring community, we do reserve the right to remove postings or ban users who violate our Community Guidelines or Terms of Use. Our community guidelines are as follows: 
Our community guidelines
True to Yourself
Tell your actual story. Don’t mislead. If you’re providing feedback, remember that what’s most helpful is what’s factual. Do not exaggerate.
Respect and empathy for others
Let’s foster a positive community. Avoid making it personal by directly insulting, bullying or attacking others. Keep messaging constructive and provide supporting examples.
Appropriate content
Content and reviews that are offensive, contain profanity, are inappropriate or harmful may be removed. Threats, lewdness, harassment, hate speech, content targeting class members, instructors or staff to degrade, shame or insult them, and any personally identifiable information have no place in our community.
Promotional content and conflicts of interest
Promotional content will be removed, including external links and offers for other goods and other services. You shouldn’t promote your own site or your own business, and when reviewing a class, avoid your own business or employee, your friends’ or relatives’ business, your peers or competitors or incentivizing customers to write reviews.
Original content
Post what’s original to you. If you don’t have permission to post it, don’t. That simple. Avoid content taken from somewhere else, including anything that violates intellectual property rights.
Relevant
What you share should be relevant to our channel, customers and coaches. Avoid spamming, including deceptive and misleading content. When writing reviews, focus your contributions on your actual experience rather than comparisons with other classes or studios.
Please note that these guidelines are subject to change, but the most current version will always be available here.
