Personal Information You Provide To Us.
There are a variety of different ways you may provide personal information to us, such as:
Account Creation. To create a Trainn User account, you need to provide information such as your name, email address, phone number, sign-up city, and a password. If you make a purchase or sign up for a subscription, you will need to provide payment and billing information. You can choose to add further information to your account, such as birthdate, gender, photo, and address. If you are a Trainn Partner we will ask for your name, address, phone number, email, credit card information, tax identification number, and information about your business, including the names of the instructors and individuals who provide your classes and services and the email addresses of authorized individuals on your account. We also process and store payment information, such as purchase history and billing information.
Posting and Uploading. We collect personal information from you when you provide, post, or upload it to our Site, such as when you respond to a survey or provide a class rating or review.
Communications Data. We may send messages to you about our services and products, or on behalf of, or initiated by, Partners or Trainn Users. For example, we may enable Partners to send text or in-app messages to Trainn Users via our Site about an upcoming reservation. Trainn receives data regarding such calls, texts, or other communications, including the date and time of the communication and its content.
Instructor Data. Trainn Partners may provide information about instructors and other individuals who work at their businesses. Trainn Partners are responsible for notifying instructors and others that their information will be shared with Trainn, for example by providing a link to this Privacy Policy. You should not provide information to us about someone else unless you have obtained all necessary and applicable permissions or consents of the other person for us to receive and use their information.
Third-Party Data. If you are a Trainn User, you should not provide information to us about someone else unless you have obtained all necessary and applicable permissions or consents of the other person for us to receive and use their information, such as for emergency contact or referral purposes.
