g) Payment of Arbitration Fees and Costs. If Trainn is the party initiating an arbitration against you, Trainn will pay all costs associated with the arbitration, including the entire filing fee. If you are the party initiating an arbitration against Trainn Releasees, you will be responsible for the applicable initial filing fee. Trainn will pay both parties’ administrative fees.
h) Settlement Offers and Offers of Judgment. At least ten (10) calendar days before the date set for an arbitration hearing with respect to a Dispute, you or we may serve a written offer of judgement on the other party to allow judgment on specified terms. If the offer is accepted, the offer with proof of acceptance shall be submitted to the arbitrator, who shall enter judgment accordingly. If the offer is not accepted prior to the arbitration hearing or within thirty (30) calendar days after it is made, whichever is first, it shall be deemed withdrawn and cannot be given as evidence in the arbitration. If an offer made by one party is not accepted by the other party, and the other party fails to obtain a more favorable award, the other party shall not recover their post-offer costs and shall pay the offering party’s costs (including all fees paid to the arbitral forum) from the time of the offer.
i) Class Action Waiver. Any Disputes arising out of or relating to your use of the Site and/or attendance at, participation in or use of Offerings, any purchase you make on or through the Site, any information you provide via the Site, and/or these Terms (including the formation, performance, or alleged breach), shall be submitted individually by you and will not be subject to any class action or representative status. The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a class or representative proceeding or claims (such as a class action, representative action, consolidated action or private attorney general action). Neither you, nor any other Member of Trainn Releasees and/or user of Trainn Releasees’ services, can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, representative, consolidated or private attorney general proceeding with respect to the matters set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. You agree that this Class Action Waiver is material and essential to the arbitration of any dispute between you and Trainn Releasees and is non-severable from the Arbitration Agreement. If any portion of this Class Action Waiver is limited, voided, or cannot be enforced, then the Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void. You understand that by agreeing to this Class Action Waiver, you may only pursue Dispute against Trainn Releasees in an individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
