Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Sites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Our mobile applications may include third-party application software development kits that provide mobile performance and analytics data, bug reporting features, and APIs to third parties that help provide the Site, for social media functionality, and for marketing and advertising.
Does Trainn serve targeted advertising?
As described above, third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device through the Sites to serve advertising. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.
